The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp ¤
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH... ¤
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ... ¤
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
¤
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!… ¤
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… ¤
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:
In two weeks, Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @realDonaldTrump! I…RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media." #CashinIn ¤
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!#WeeklyAddress?? ¤
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! ¤
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… ¤
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… ¤
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:… ¤
Death spiral!
'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
¤
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer | @kevincorke ¤
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… ¤
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! 
Watch:… ¤
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.
EO1: ¤
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. ¤
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....NewThe Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message, leader, &amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is…Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!RT @foxnation: . @TuckerCarlson : #Dems Don't Really Believe #Trump Is a Pawn of #Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool  ¤
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that" ¤
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… ¤
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… ¤
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… ¤
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst??What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… ¤
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… ¤
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… ¤
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! 
¤
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly....the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'
Executive Order:… ¤
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. 
Full remarks:… ¤
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! ¤
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: ¤
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… ¤
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
#BuildTheWallThe Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! IfThe two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriendsVery interesting election currently taking place in France.I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!RT @foxandfriends: Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis ¤
RT @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services ¤
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to… ¤
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' 
Executive Order:… ¤
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump, @IvankaTrump, Jared Kushner, &amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp; her brother Basel.
#W…WELCOME HOME, AYA!
#GodBlessTheUSA?? ¤
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they willNo matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h…A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… ¤
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ??… ¤
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!… ¤
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 
Watch… ¤
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican?? ¤
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!#BuyAmericanHireAmerican??
Watch??¤
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NOI will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!See you tomorrow Wisconsin!

'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
¤
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
¤
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% ¤
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles."The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriendsThe recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?Happy Easter to everyone!Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday! ¤
Weekly Address- ¤
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL... ¤
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! ¤
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirstGreat meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… ¤
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… ¤
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!RT @foxnation: Grateful Syrians React To @realDonaldTrump Strike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald' ¤
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameachCongratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… ¤
Thank you @USNavy! #USA ¤
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack....goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official…It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP… ¤
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
¤
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… ¤
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! ¤
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017… ¤
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall
??¤
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP? ¤
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… ¤
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… ¤
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship..@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBIDid Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for 
#WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… ¤
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst?? ¤
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked.......use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put… ¤
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ??… ¤
It is an exciting time for our country!
#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch ¤
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS ¤
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA?? ¤
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… ¤
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain??… ¤
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?
#RepealANDReplace #ObamacareIf @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. ¤
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? ¤
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.
#ThankAVeteran… ¤
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… ¤
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session??… ¤
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! 
#MadeInTheUSA??
Watch here: ¤
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… ¤
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! 
¤
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ??¤
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU… ¤
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… ¤
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! ¤
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… ¤
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.RT @mitchellvii: Trump always ends up being right.  It's almost a little freaky.RT @mitchellvii: EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance ¤
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… ¤
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the… ¤
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. ¤
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ¤
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA?? ¤
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! ¤
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at FoxThe real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!#ICYMI: Weekly Address 
??¤
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! ¤
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"
¤
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US, experts warn (via @FoxFriendsFirst) ¤
RT @foxandfriends: VIDEO: Rep. Scalise — GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill ¤
RT @AmericaFirstPol: MAJOR IMPACT: @POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. #MAGA 
¤
RT @FoxNews: Jobs created in February. ¤
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says "You're Fired"     That means: "Pack Yo Stuff and Go, Not Say "You Refuse to Go!  #DrainTheSwam…My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!RT @USHCC: USHCC was delighted to host @IvankaTrump for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington #USHCCLegi…An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. ???? ¤
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: ¤
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! ¤
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ¤
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA?? ¤
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! ¤
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! ¤
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… ¤
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… ¤
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch: ¤
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!RT @AmericaFirstPol: .@POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in, that historic journey continues. Take a look ? ht…We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA??
??¤
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN:  +235,000 ¤
RT @foxandfriends: "Never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance." -Kyle Coddington's message to those als…Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… ¤
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ??¤
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!RT @foxnation: .@realDonaldTrump's First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report: ¤
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! ¤
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriendsFor eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriendsOur wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! ¤
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
¤
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriendsIs it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great showHow low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ¤
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. ¤
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. ¤
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! ¤
Weekly Address
Join me here: ¤
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story......intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!THANK YOU!#JointSession #MAGA??
¤
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. 
#JointAddress ¤
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
¤
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… ¤
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: ¤
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
¤
Going to CPAC!find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOWThe FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' ¤
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' ¤
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: ¤
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! DishonestThe FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here: ¤
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' ¤
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… ¤
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
¤
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets:… ¤
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!
#ICYMI????Joint Press Conference: 
¤
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! ¤
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USAInformation is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like RussiaThis Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
¤
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
¤
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… ¤
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… ¤
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: ¤
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada??and th… ¤
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! ¤
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. ¤
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. LWhile on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMENThe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. ¤
RT @Scavino45: LIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: ¤
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 
¤
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz? earlier today. ¤
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!
LIVE:… ¤
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! ¤
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
¤
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...¤
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' ¤
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… ¤
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' ¤
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… ¤
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… ¤
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! ¤
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decisionWhat is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!We must keep "evil" out of our country!A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you! ¤
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billionIran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.
¤
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… ¤
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: ¤
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget ¤
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONESTThr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! ¤
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! ¤
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: ¤
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! ¤
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! ¤
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th… ¤
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!"@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. ¤
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. ¤
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… ¤
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… ¤
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. ¤
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… ¤
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! ¤
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! ¤
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!RT @WhiteHouse: "Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America."…A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN?? ¤
TO ALL AMERICANS??
¤
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...¤
It is time to remember that...¤
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA??We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst??January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDayToday we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration ¤
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM… ¤
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
#Inauguration2017 ¤
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!On my way! #Inauguration2017 ¤
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.."It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… ¤
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA ¤
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… ¤
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJto the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!RT @EricTrump: Thank you to @GolfDigest for this incredible feature! "Golfer-in-Chief" @RealDonaldTrump ¤
RT @MoskowitzEva: .@BetsyDeVos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" ¤
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WPJohn Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!"@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class."At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!"@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do....@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologizeThank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANNmention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaineJames Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!"@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  ??????Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS!We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going onIntelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
¤
RT @MichaelCohen212: I have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews ¤
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
¤
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' ¤
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
¤
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! 
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… ¤
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. ¤
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after..."groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!RT @MeetThePress: Watch our interview with @KellyannePolls: Russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election ¤
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!"@FoxNews: "We certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe… ¤
"@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  
¤
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; starboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!Happy Birthday @EricTrump!
¤
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; HillaryWow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFOREHillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people.......time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow"@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: “It’s very dishonest.” #Hannity ¤
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you."Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" ¤
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
¤
"@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies"
¤
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTSWith all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as itThe Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!RT @IvankaTrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace, joy, love and laughter. Happy New…RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Happy new year everyone. #newyear #family #vacation #familytime ¤
RT @EricTrump: 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife @LaraLeaTrump made it even better! ???? ¤
RT @Reince: Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all.  Looking forward to incredible things in 2017!  @realDonaldTrump will Make America…RT @DanScavino: On behalf of our next #POTUS &amp; @TeamTrump-

#HappyNewYear AMERICA??

¤
TO ALL AMERICANS-
#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we… ¤
